Sentence casing (#1037)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/artifacts.md

---
title: "Building and configuring artifacts"
id: "artifacts"

> description: "You can use artifacts to power different aspects of dbt Cloud." 

Reviewer: Given the limited space available, it feels wasteful to always open with "You can use...". Can we skip to the meaty stuff? (Applies to all of these). I also rewrote this one because "different aspects of dbt Cloud" is very nebulous
```suggestion
description: "Use artifacts to power your automated docs site and source freshness data." 
```
